Date: 29/10/2020
Topic: Initial Client Meeting


Q: What is the purpose of the app?

A: Student learns skills from pieces, may use skills from previous pieces and need to review them, i.e keep practicing old pieces
  - skills might be: playing fast, playing slow, different styles
  - have pieces on 'wheel of fortune' or dice, with rewards when finished
  - maybe used by teachers as a challenge
      - e.g. 50 days to christmas, how many rewards can you get?


Q: What platform (Android/iOS)?

A: Both preferably


Q: What inputs is the system supposed to take?
      - Teachers lesson notes?
      - Notes from parents/student from practice?

A: Teacher meets parents weekly for discussions, so this is to give students a 'review list'
   students can also see what other students have done (i.e. how many challenges/rewards)S


Q: Do teachers input pieces/exercises done in lesson, then these are put into a random practice regime?

A: Just give the students a lsit of pieces to review, with tick boxes and maybe rewards


Q: Do parents need to make notes?
      - Will these be on each piece, or each practice session?

A: Parents judge if they have done their review or not


Q: How will a new student be added to the app/their teacher?

A: Students/parents and teachers have their own accounts on their own phones
Teachers should have access to all their students, so they can see each students individual progress, so they could be linked by teacher selecting or by giving a code

      
Q: How will the practice timetable look/ function?

A: not necessarily a timetable, but maybe tickboxes/smiley faces asking if they've done their review today, and reminding them to do it each day (positive feedback)


Q: Are the revision pieces additional to the pieces set by the teacher?
      - Will the list of pieces be input by the teacher, or be built in to the app?
      - Will the teacher split the list into ability levels/will it already be
        split?

A: Teacher can add pieces to each students 'review list', as well as the standard review list
     - i.e. one piece builds on a skill learnt in a previous piece, those pieces are in the standard list, and the teacher can add other individual pieces


The list should be built in, with the teacher being given the option to add or remove further additional pieces from a list for EACH student

The teacher decides when the child is ready to start the next piece
Method is called 'THE SUZUKI METHOD'
Method is like learning a language - you never actually learn a piece fully, you need to keep going back to it and reviewing it to retain the skill

Possibly a fixed lesson time

Targeted at younger students (primary school)
Make it fun!!! Rather than practicing piano being a chore

It will probably be on the parents phone, and the child can use it to motivate them to practice
Possibly scored by number of reviews, or number of reviews in one session - music is hard to measure
It is more about rewarding students individually for their work
Maybe leaderboards to motivate students to 'do better' that other students
'The more you practice, the better you get'
Teacher can then see this and base their lesson on what the child has done on the app, and what they can reproduce in the lesson

Maybe students are rewarded with coins, based on approval from the teachers if they can reproduce it in the lesson


'Piano Review App'
UNDERSTANDING:
There is a list of pieces built in, getting more difficult - sometimes a piece will be harder than the next one, or easier than the previous one
The student starts with the easier pieces, learning core skills
When the teachers thinks they can play at a good enough level, they can move them on to the next piece
They will still have to review some of their previous pieces, but not all because that may be too much work

